>>LISA GARR: Imagine
if you could manifest
what you desire instantly.
When you imagine Italy, you take
a trip to Italy in your mind,
right?
Well, what if you
could take that trip
to Italy several times a
day for 30 straight days?
What if we are far more
powerful than we think?
Hi, I'm Lisa Garr,
and joining me
is the founder of
auracolors.com, Pam Oslie, who
is here to talk with
us about the five
stages of manifestation
and how we
can bring the things we
desire in life closer to us
through a daily practice.
Welcome.
Thank you for joining me.
>>PAM OSLIE: Hi, Lisa,
it's great to be here.
>>LISA: So auric colors
and manifestation--
I can't see the link
between the two.
Can you tell me?
>>OSLIE: Oh, yeah, well, the
fact that I can see energy
fields, or auras, showed me from
the get-go that we're capable
of doing more than
we thought we were,
that our brain or
our consciousness--
it's more than our brain.
But the fact that I
can see energy fields
and colors and psychically
know what those colors mean--
I explored even more
to go beyond that.
Parallel universes and talking
to people on the other side
and remote viewing--
it's all connected with
expanded consciousness.
>>LISA: So you see things
in a different way.
>>OSLIE: Yes.
I see things in an
expanded version.
And we all have the ability.
It's just I've practiced it.
I've exercised it.
>>LISA: Practiced it more.
So auric colors--
let's just start there.
When did you first
start seeing auras?
Was it unusual for you?
>>OSLIE: Well, first, in 1984,
I went to hear a psychic speak.
And he pulled me up in front of
the group that night and said,
you know how to do this, too.
So I got thrown in the water.
He said, start doing
readings on people.
And I found out I knew
things about people
that I'd never met before.
I knew a woman over to
my right was pregnant
because I saw the spirit of
a little girl standing next
to her--
had never happened to
me before in my life.
She went to the doctor later
and found out she was pregnant.
>>LISA: Oh, she
didn't even know?
>>OSLIE: She didn't
know she was pregnant.
>>LISA: Wow.
>>OSLIE: So I started that way.
And then a year after doing
that, expanded consciousness,
I met a woman who
could see auras.
And I started working
with her and realized
that what she was
seeing around people
matched what I had been picking
up psychically about people.
So then I went, oh,
that's a violet.
That's a blue.
OK, I get it.
So within a year of
working with her,
I developed the ability to
see and sense auras myself.
>>LISA: So if you are looking
at me, for example, right now,
do you see colors
radiating off of me?
>>OSLIE: Yes.
It's like light off
of a light bulb.
It's a glow.
And what I see are
different bands of color.
But when I talk to people,
the most significant bands
are the two colors
closest to your body.
Some people just have one.
Some have two.
The outer bands in the
aura, in my experience--
other people see it differently.
In my experience, the two
colors closest to your body
reveal your life purpose,
your personality,
how you are in relationship,
money, potential health issues.
They all show up in what
I call your life colors.
>>LISA: And when
you see this, you
don't see it with your
eyes, your physical eyes.
>>OSLIE: Oh, both.
Sometimes I see it
with my physical eyes.
And otherwise, I
can tune into it.
I can see it with an inner sense
with my intuition, which is
why I can do it on television.
I can do it on the radio.
I can do it on the telephone.
You can tell me the
name of somebody.
Give me their name, and
I'll go tune into them
and tell you all about them
because I can see it remotely,
too.
>>LISA: So what colors am I?
>>OSLIE: You're
yellow and violet.
>>LISA: Yellow and violet.
What does that mean?
>>OSLIE: I see 14
different aura colors,
but yellows are creative.
They're big kids at heart,
to tell you the truth.
They want to do some of this and
some of this and some of this
and some of this.
They've got a lot of energy.
They either do creative work or
healing work or physical work,
like they're yoga instructors.
Lisa, you're doing so much
violet in this lifetime.
Violets are the spiritual
leaders and teachers
and visionaries, not
always spiritual,
but they're visionaries.
Violets come from the third eye.
You see how fast I'm
talking with you?
That's because you're a violet.
>>LISA: I can get it.
I am plagued by it, actually,
to be honest with you,
because I can't not see into
what the future needs to be.
>>OSLIE: Yes.
That's a violet.
You have the same aura
colors as Oprah and Bono
and George Clooney.
Violets came here to help
shift the consciousness
of the planet.
>>LISA: It's ridiculous.
>>OSLIE: Yeah,
it's a big mission.
And yellows don't want
to work that hard.
They're like, wait, I want
it to be fun and easy.
And violets go, no,
I have a big mission.
So it can create conflict.
>>LISA: Oh, my God,
you just nailed me.
Absolutely.
I do.
I'm constantly judging
for working so hard.
>>OSLIE: Yeah.
Well, yellows have
a sense of humor,
and violets get very
serious and intense.
But if you put them together--
>>LISA: You get
multiple personalities.
[LAUGHING]
>>OSLIE: Well, they're
creative visionaries.
They come up with
creative ways of reaching
the masses or different things.
Violets get involved in
either the media or the arts,
or they're teachers
or therapists,
or they get involved in causes.
Some violets get involved
in politics and law,
but usually yellows don't
like politics and law.
>>LISA: Yeah, we're too chill.
It's interesting.
So you've been
able to identify--
and there's all sorts
of YouTube videos
around this, of you being able
to look at people's colors
and then do the yellow,
and here's the blue,
and here's the violet.
But how can we learn to
determine our own color?
>>OSLIE: Well, first of all,
I have quite a free quiz
on my website, in my books, so
people can go take the quiz.
But what I've also noticed
is, once people learn
about the different
color personalities,
whether they watch the
videos or read the book
or whatever, they tend to start
identifying-- like, they'll
read about a tan and go, oh,
my husband has so much tan.
He's a tan.
I recognize the qualities.
Or, oh, my son's a red.
I can tell because of what
you've described about a red.
It fits his
personality completely.
>>LISA: OK, so does red
typically mean a specific like
anger or love, and
blue means something--
how did you determine these?
>>OSLIE: Psychically.
Well, also the woman that
I work with got me started.
She basically started
describing them.
But then when I started
doing psychic work on people,
I went way beyond
anything she had told me.
So a red life
color personality--
they're very
physical, and they do
have a tendency to
have hot tempers.
And some of them are
truck drivers or dancers.
Madonna's a red.
Lady Gaga's a red.
Sean Penn is red.
So there's a
personality type to it,
but they're very much about
physical beingness, where
violets are more spiritual
or visionaries or leaders.
>>LISA: But we
can have multiple,
and usually people are
multiple colors, right?
>>OSLIE: Yes, and that's
different than a red
in the outer bands.
If somebody's got red
in the outer bands,
I know that they're
angry right now.
But that doesn't always stay.
That's just-- they're
momentarily angry,
and then that can go away.
The outer bands
change all the time.
>>LISA: Let's pick
some people that we
know that are public figures
so that the audience can
understand.
So take Lady Gaga, for example.
She did this beautiful
movie, "A Star is Born,"
where she was very soft and
very intimate and very feminine.
And then yet her outer
appearance as a celebrity
with the incredible
costumes and her dancers--
so you see two different
sides of someone there.
Would you say she
has different--
>>OSLIE: Well, she was acting.
I saw her interviewed.
And they said,
well, is the woman
in the movie more like you?
And she said, oh, no,
just the opposite.
I'm not like that at all.
No, she's very strong
willed and determined,
and reds can be very powerful.
>>LISA: Would you
say Trump is a red?
>>OSLIE: Trump is a
green with yellow.
Greens are businessmen, CEOs,
corporate ladder, money,
driven.
I see greens getting
involved in the stock market
or in real estate sales.
They want to accomplish.
They want to make money.
And there's a positive side
to the colors and a downside.
In power, greens can
accomplish anything
they put their minds to, and
they create jobs for people.
Out of power, you don't
want to mess with a green.
They argue.
They blame.
They get frustrated.
They get irritated.
So violets have a positive side.
Violets have a downside.
>>LISA: They all have a shadow.
>>OSLIE: Yeah, you
want to learn how
to do the positive side
of your aura colors.
>>LISA: So personally,
you want to learn that.
>>OSLIE: Yes.
>>LISA: Take someone
like Obama, for example.
Do you see his colors?
>>OSLIE: He's a violet yellow
with a little bit of indigo.
Yeah.
So violets are, again,
visionaries, leaders.
Violets usually
want global peace.
They want people to connect.
They're communicators.
Yellows are big kids--
more playful, sense of humor.
Yellows do have to watch
out for addictions.
So he was smoking.
That's a yellow thing.
Yellows either are very healthy.
They exercise.
They eat right.
They're very into nutrition.
They typically don't
look their age,
where violets are old souls.
So they go, I'm getting older
and running out of time.
And yellows are like,
no, I'm still a kid.
I haven't grown up yet.
There's still things to do.
And so yellows out of power,
though, meaning the downside--
they can get into
either-- and no,
I'm not saying Obama did this.
I'm just saying
yellows, in general--
when they're not happy,
yellows procrastinate.
They run away.
They get into either drugs,
alcohol, cigarettes, caffeine,
chocolate or sweets, overeating.
They avoid.
That's a yellow thing.
>>LISA: So how do we stay in
our power color, essentially?
>>OSLIE: Well, in my books,
too, and on my website, I show--
each one of the colors
has a different way
of staying in power.
For example, yellows-- number
one, they have to exercise.
>>LISA: Yes.
>>OSLIE: If yellows don't
exercise, they get depressed.
And you don't tell a blue
to do that because blues
don't like to exercise.
>>LISA: Right, right.
Yes.
>>OSLIE: And yellows need
to connect with nature.
That's healthy for them.
And then yellows need to
keep a sense of humor.
So if yellows can
keep a sense of humor,
they can get through anything.
Violets-- number one for
violets to stay in power,
hands down, is some
form of meditation.
Violets have to have quiet time.
They have to have
alone time where
they can connect their vision
with their heart and soul
and something higher than them.
>>LISA: And reground, yes.
>>OSLIE: It's imperative.
Where yellow sometimes can't sit
still long enough to meditate.
They need movement.
>>LISA: Well, OK, so then you
take somebody like Oprah--
so I'm picking lots of
yellow violets, aren't I?
>>OSLIE: Yes, you are.
She's also really
violet with yellow.
>>LISA: Can you give me another
example of other colors?
>>OSLIE: OK, so a blue yellow--
Ellen DeGeneres is a blue
yellow, Kate Hudson, Meg Ryan,
Goldie Hawn.
They're the girl next door.
Blues-- it's all about
love and helping,
and blues get very emotional.
Blues value relationship
more than anything.
>>LISA: You're a blue.
>>OSLIE: I'm a blue yellow.
Yes, I am.
But blues-- it's home and
love and helping people.
They're typically teachers,
counselors, and nurses,
but they can also be doormats.
But they're some of
the most emotional.
Violets are emotional,
but they run really deep.
They've got a passion to them.
So they don't like injustice or
global suffering, where blues--
it's their home--
number one for a blue is
marriage, relationship.
>>LISA: Yes, so interesting.
So you can take this and
you can find your partner
with various different types
of color matches, right?
I noticed that on
your auracolors.com.
>>OSLIE: Yes, I
have love colors.
>>LISA: Love colors, yes.
>>OSLIE: People can
connect with other people
with compatible
aura colors, friends
or significant relationship,
because certain colors are very
compatible, and other
colors are going
to have a really
rough time together.
For example, a green
with a yellow--
so it's interesting that some
people are green and yellow.
Meryl Streep has
green and yellow.
She uses that in an
empowered, creative way.
The greens are driven
workaholics, money, accomplish.
They're workaholics.
And yellows want to go play.
Yellows out of power
can be big babies.
They can pout and be babies,
and, I'm going to take my ball
and go home.
But they don't want
to work that hard.
But when they're in
power, they're creative,
and they've got lots of energy.
So that can work.
But as a couple, that's
a real challenge.
>>LISA: Because one wants to
play and one wants to work.
>>OSLIE: And the green can start
becoming a vindictive parent
or something.
They're like, you
should be doing this,
and you need to work hard,
and you need to do this.
And they can really break the
spirit of a little yellow.
>>LISA: Interesting.
So it's a personality
profiling in a sense
of understanding
yourself better,
understanding other
people better.
>>OSLIE: Yes.
>>LISA: And it helps
you get a head start
on who you're relating with.
>>OSLIE: Yes, it helps
validate a person
so people have permission
to be who they really are.
I know that when people find
out about their aura colors
they go, oh, no wonder I
felt that way my whole life.
No wonder that's what I
wanted to do for a career,
but I was told I
couldn't do that.
It validates them.
It helps give them permission
to be who they really are.
And then it helps us
understand each other.
So instead of people
running around going,
why can't you be more like me?
Why can't you
think more like me?
You go, oh, you're a lavender.
I get it.
Or, you're a crystal.
I understand what
your personality
is now and your priorities.
You're different.
Then we start
honoring each other,
and we can speak their language.
>>LISA: Do you ever
look at the colors
to someone who's done
something horrible,
like some of the shooters or
someone who's maybe committed
suicide or something like that?
Do you look at that to
understand it better?
>>OSLIE: Yes, and the
majority of people that are
incarcerated--
the majority of them
have red overlays.
I see a lot of reds performing
acts of physical violence.
I see greens doing things
more like embezzling.
Bernie Madoff is green.
>>LISA: The shadow side.
I see.
>>OSLIE: Yeah, the shadow side.
But most of the people
that I've seen incarcerated
have red overlays, and that's
different than a red life
color.
When I see a red
overlay around someone,
that's someone who's had some
trauma in their childhood.
They were either
physically, mentally,
or emotionally abandoned,
rejected, abused,
or they had a
life-threatening situation
and thought that they
were going to die.
And so they put red in the
outer bands for protection,
but what it turns into
is either intense anger,
or it turns into self sabotage.
So yeah, red overlays--
and there is a way to heal that.
>>LISA: Now, that's great.
That's fantastic.
Gosh, if you could
tell someone that,
then they could maybe prevent
a life of crime or something
where they get sucked into
the system, so to speak.
>>OSLIE: Right.
And then violets,
especially these days,
because we're in a
violet age right now--
one of the main things I've
seen with violets is depression.
Violets have a
tendency-- if they're not
doing what they came
here to do, if they
can't live that huge vision
and huge life purpose,
they get very depressed.
It's like putting an eagle in
a little, tiny hamster cage.
>>LISA: Because
they're so off purpose.
>>OSLIE: Yeah.
>>LISA: Yes.
And this is happening
a lot lately.
>>OSLIE: Yeah.
>>LISA: So one of
the reasons why
I love doing this
show is because we're
living in such a
different time now,
even more different than
it was 10 years ago.
It's intense.
It's quick.
It's changing very
fast, and it's extreme.
>>OSLIE: Right.
>>LISA: So we need these
tools and techniques
to be able to carry
us through these times
so that we can be
the help to others
that we want to be
and to ourselves
as well so we're
not falling prey
to so many different agendas.
So how would you take what
you do with aura colors
and apply it to suffering,
to pain, to extreme change?
>>OSLIE: Well, if I'm just going
to focus on the aura colors,
I help each individual
with their colors
know how to stay in balance,
because each one of them
has a different way.
Greens have a different way.
Blues have a different way of
staying balanced and in power.
But if we're going to
go to the big level--
because what I believe is why
things are happening today--
we're trying to wake up.
We're trying to shift our
consciousness to a higher
level of being because,
Lisa, the old way's
not working anymore.
>>LISA: That's clear.
>>OSLIE: The old paradigm
is falling apart.
And it's happened over history.
We've gone through different
eras where things fall apart.
So it looks scary.
And every time
there's a major shift,
there's always chaos, always.
And so the way I see
it is the old concrete
is breaking loose so that
new growth can come through.
And it's scary when people want
things to maintain the same.
They want security
and stability,
and yet, the way I see
it-- because, again, I
can do psychic work.
I've proven to
myself that we are
more than we've been
raised to believe,
that we're way more
expansive, way more powerful.
And I feel like the key is to
really discover who we really
are so we're not creating the
same painful, drama, victim
consciousness--
it's more awake and
aware and evolved
and that we start realizing--
I know this will
blow some people out.
But some of your listeners
already know this.
We're actually creators.
>>LISA: Yes.
>>OSLIE: We're creating
our experiences.
We're creating our reality.
And it's quantum physics.
It's not just woo woo, some
sort of spiritual, ungrounded.
It's actually quantum physics.
>>LISA: But it's also
like we're trying to build
the Colosseum with chopsticks.
I mean, we're creating, but we
don't have the tools quite yet
to create at the level
that we need to create at.
>>OSLIE: The tools
are available.
We have the tools.
I've learned a lot of the tools.
So even though I'm a blue
yellow, I've added violet.
My whole thing is I go inside
first to see how I can evolve,
what I know, a higher truth,
a more loving, more advanced
consciousness, and
then I teach that.
>>LISA: So this is around the
five levels of manifestation
that you teach now.
Your work has evolved from the
aura colors and still the aura
colors, but this is
the secret sauce here.
>>OSLIE: Yeah, it's really
about consciousness.
Lisa, I get so excited
to see who we really are.
We're so busy being
little ants on the planet,
worrying about how we make
money and filling up our cars
with gas instead
of really realizing
how magical and
amazing we really are.
So yes, my focus is on
shifting the consciousness.
So do you want to get into that
five levels of manifestation?
>>LISA: Yes, definitely.
>>OSLIE: OK, now, I'm borrowing
this from Deepak Chopra,
but it still fits with a lot
of stuff I've been doing.
So he uses the example--
let's say you have the
desire for ice cream.
Well, level one consciousness,
the way we think and the way we
believe--
at level one, we have to go out,
interview for a job, get a job,
work hard, make the money, get
the paycheck, get in the car,
drive to the ice
cream store, and then
you finally get to
get your ice cream,
and then you get to eat it.
Mostly, we're living at level
one state of consciousness,
which is hard work.
It's a lot of activity,
a lot of action.
>>LISA: It's linear.
>>OSLIE: Yes.
And and so level two--
and I do this one a lot.
It's so much fun, Lisa.
So level two is--
you have the desire
for ice cream,
and a friend stops by
on that day and goes,
I was just in the neighborhood
and I just went to the store
and I bought some ice cream.
You want to have it with me?
There was no effort.
There was the desire to have
ice cream, and it showed up.
Somebody else cooperated.
There was a synchronicity that
showed up, and a lot of us
have had those
experiences, many ways.
>>LISA: Yes.
We call them weird.
They're actually
intentional, huh?
>>OSLIE: Yes.
They're how we
manifest at a level
when we stop believing
that level one is
the only way that reality
works but that there's
another level of how we create.
Then level two becomes
easier and more fun.
Now, level three
consciousness is--
you have the desire
for ice cream.
You go to the freezer.
You open it up.
And there's ice cream in there.
And you go, I don't
remember buying ice cream.
But there it is, right?
>>LISA: It manifested.
>>OSLIE: Yeah.
Now, I've had experiences in
level two and three a lot,
and they're becoming more and
more ingrained in my lifestyle.
And I got to tell you,
Lisa, it's so much more fun.
It's easier.
There's less drama.
When it shows up it's
like, oh, my gosh.
That really happened.
And so I play with it a lot.
And there's different
things you have
to shift your beliefs of
reality to be able to operate
at these different levels.
Level four is-- you have
the desire for ice cream.
And you open your
hand, and it's there.
Now, some of the great master
teachers on the planet--
Christ, for example--
I understand Sai Baba
knew how to do that.
>>LISA: The water into wine.
>>OSLIE: Yes, water into
wine, walking on water,
fishes and loaves--
that's level four.
I haven't gotten there yet.
>>LISA: I'd like to learn
how to turn water into wine.
>>OSLIE: That would be fun.
Well, we've changed the weather.
We've done things
with the weather
by knowing these different
principles of consciousness
and quantum physics.
And then level five--
we've come from, so level
five's not that exciting to us.
Level five is-- you have
the desire for ice cream,
and you realize that you
and the ice cream are one.
It's all just thought.
Its energy.
It's consciousness.
And so it's like, eh, I
want to taste ice cream.
I don't want to know I'm
one with the ice cream.
I want to taste it.
So I want to be able
to have the ability
to know how to go
from one, two, three,
or four with conscious choice.
>>LISA GARR: Yes, there's so
many questions I have for you.
So the level one
is the more linear.
And the level two we've
evolved every now and then
into because we call them
synchronicities or coincidences
and so forth.
But we, on this
show, really act as
if it's possible to
begin to manifest that.
How do you get from one to two?
>>OSLIE: Well, the first
thing you've got to know
is you've got to
believe it's possible.
And second of all,
learning that we've been
taught that this is physical.
Everything's physical
and separate from us.
That's very Newtonian physics.
Now, that sounds
like a big word,
but it just means Newton, that
the universe is mechanistic,
and it deteriorates, and
it dies, and all that bit.
We've been taught that,
and we've bought into it.
We've believed that.
Quantum physics is saying
something entirely different,
that it's energy
and consciousness.
So most people are not going
to read quantum physics.
They can't even grasp it.
But when you understand
that there's atoms in space
and then in the atoms,
it's subatomic particles,
there's really nothing solid.
When you start getting that
it's all energy and that
our thoughts, our beliefs,
which give rise to our emotions,
which is energy in motion--
that's what creates things.
Once you really get that
that's a truth, not a woo woo--
that's an actual fact.
It's a truth.
And you start
experimenting with it
and you allow for that
possibility to happen.
That's why the law of
attraction operates out of that.
>>LISA: It's a good idea.
It's a great concept.
>>OSLIE: And it works.
And so I don't just
tell other people,
well, you've got
to believe this.
I actually go out and experiment
with it to see if it's real,
and it is.
And so the more evidence I
get, the more I see it's real.
And one of the ways to
really shift into that, too,
I've noticed, is
quiet, detaching.
It's called going
into the field,
because the other thing
that quantum physics says
is there's no empty space.
It's all energy.
This looks empty, but it's not.
It's energy.
So if you get quiet and
you detach from the drama,
from the story--
because, Lisa, we get so
wound up in our stories.
We get emotionally
charged by our stories.
>>LISA: And I want to talk with
you about that interference.
I just want the
listeners to know
that, as you're going through
this experience with Pam,
treat this as a
masterclass today.
Treat this as a way
where you can really
learn to go from level
one to level two,
and we're going to
go through this.
I want you apply yourself
as you're listening to this.
So we go from level
one, which is linear.
We go to level two,
which is in the quantum.
And all of a sudden,
someone shows up and then
the ice cream.
They say, oh, it's a
coincidence, right?
Now, when you go to
level three and you open
your eyes and the
ice cream is there,
how do you get by all of
the interferences in the way
between the field, where
you have the fear coming in
or the disbelief or
somebody else's disbelief
or you have a tragic
incident, a crisis?
All of these are interferences.
And so you're
sitting here trying
to protect you're a
little vision of the ice
cream appearing, and it's
like everything around you.
How do you do that?
>>OSLIE: Well, and
that's what it is.
All the master teachers
have all said, be still.
Be still and know.
Like, be still
and know I am God.
Be still and know thyself.
So a key is what I just said,
is detaching from the story,
from the drama, which
is challenging to do
because some of those stories--
they scare us.
They're very convincing.
We are really good storytellers.
>>LISA: You said
we're creating them.
>>OSLIE: We are.
>>LISA: How?
How are we creating devastation?
>>OSLIE: Sometimes we
create it for the emotion,
for the experience of it.
Sometimes we create
drama to see who
we are, to see if
we can overcome it,
for the same reason
we go to movies.
I mean, there are
people that actually
like going to horror
movies or war movies
or slash and burn things or
chase and gunfire and whatever,
and I go, ah!
But people like the
adrenaline rush of that.
So to say, why would
we create drama?
We want to know
what it feels like.
We want the story.
If everything was la-le,
la-le, la-le all the time,
we might be afraid we
were going to get bored.
>>LISA: That's interesting.
The wildfires were
happening at the same time
my father was going
through heart surgery,
lifesaving heart surgery.
And this adrenaline
was running in my body.
And in a way, it allowed
me to be so focused.
And in a way, I couldn't
tell, because it was maybe
too much focus and too
on task, but I felt
like I could handle it all.
And in a way, I did
on a different level
than I think I've
handled it before.
>>OSLIE: And that's the other
reason we do this, Lisa.
Most of the time we're
creating unconsciously.
We don't know that
we're creating it
because, at level one,
everything looks separate.
We're taught that
that's separate
and I have no say over that.
I'm not connected.
There's nothing I
can do about it.
That's victim and separation.
So first of all, a lot of
times we create these things
unconsciously.
We don't know that
we're creating them.
So becoming more and
more aware that this
is our manifestation,
first of all.
Then you get to step
back and go, OK,
am I doing this to help
me learn something?
Am I doing this to bring
me up to a higher level?
>>LISA: But you've
been through the fires.
>>OSLIE: I'm in Santa Barbara.
>>LISA: Yes.
How could you possibly say
that those fires are a creation
or a manifestation of our own?
They seem so external,
the circumstances.
>>OSLIE: Right, and most
people don't like hearing this
because we've gotten so
into blame and and victim
consciousness that people don't
want to own responsibility.
But the more I
own responsibility
for what's going on, creative
power over what's going on,
the less I'm afraid of it.
So I can tell you my theory of
why these fires are happening.
We're very connected.
It's all energy.
Look at-- we've got cell
phones and the internet,
and we just accept that that
energy is waves of information
going across the ethers, right?
>>LISA: All day long.
>>OSLIE: And it
affects things, right?
Have you noticed how much
anger is going on on the planet
right now and how much anger
is going on in this country?
>>LISA: Divisiveness.
>>OSLIE: It's created fire.
The grief.
I don't know if you've
felt waves of grief--
>>LISA: Hurricanes.
>>OSLIE: --at the water,
the floods, the hurricanes.
That's an indication
of grief, the tears.
So we are all connected,
and a lot of people--
they're not ready
to hear that yet.
I offer what I've learned, what
I've discovered for myself,
what I've experimented
and proved to myself.
I don't expect other
people to get that, one,
if they're not ready
for that; two, if they
don't want to think that way.
>>LISA: And I mean, if
you've lost your home,
you're not going to be
going into this higher
level of consciousness of
the grief and the tears.
You're going to be in survival.
You're going to
be at that moment.
>>OSLIE: Although
some people are not.
Some people are going--
>>LISA: I've seen that.
>>OSLIE: --OK, I get it.
It's amazing to me.
>>LISA: It's incredible.
>>OSLIE: One of the reasons
we create some of these things
even subconsciously,
unconsciously-- as mile markers
to see how far we've come.
You reacted differently
to the trauma
that just happened to you than
you would have 10 years ago.
>>LISA: For sure.
Yes.
I mean, I have friends
who have lost their homes,
and their perspective's amazing.
They say, it's OK.
We'll start over.
We're being taken care of.
We've had so many friends.
>>OSLIE: It's giving
us an opportunity
to walk our talk, Lisa.
>>LISA: And the
communities that are
being built around these
natural disasters are amazing.
>>OSLIE: Yes, and connection
and compassion and awareness
and waking up.
>>LISA: People wanting to
help, truly wanting to help.
Regardless of what's
happening with the government
or anything, they really want
to be a part of the solution.
>>OSLIE: Right, so sometimes
it's a way to wake us up.
Sometimes it's a
way to connect us.
Sometimes it's a way
for us to show ourselves
how far we've come.
>>LISA: So if we can also
be creative and powerful
manifestors, if we
manifest something
like a divorce, a bankruptcy, a
job, loss a death, and disease,
yet we can also creatively
manifest a different result,
right?
We're that powerful.
>>OSLIE: Yes.
And here's the thing, Lisa.
Look at all the movies that
have taught us, oh, power's bad.
Power is greedy, and
people abuse power.
So we've actually been
taught to fear our power.
And if we knew what absolute
loving, light filled,
amazing, divine
beings we really are,
we wouldn't fear our power.
We would relish it.
We would celebrate it.
We'd be so much happier
and so much more alive.
And there would be less poverty,
less suffering, less trauma
going on because we
realize who we really are.
>>LISA: Girl, I look at this
in the women's movement.
I mean, look at
how long women have
wanted to play small, needed
to play small, needed to hide.
>>OSLIE: Were told
that they needed to.
>>LISA: Taught to hide.
And now women are coming
into this beautiful power.
Sometimes it gets
a little crazy.
But it's this wielding of
a sense of divine power,
and it's going to get balanced.
>>OSLIE: That's what
we're going for.
It's bringing the
whole thing up.
And by the way, it's all
violet energy coming up.
Violet is the power female.
It's the feminine.
It's the goddess Diana.
It's the power female.
So violets are speakers and
communicators and teachers
and leaders, and they want
fairness and bring it up
to a higher level
of consciousness.
>>LISA: And this goes for
men, too, that are coming out
and they're speaking in their
corporations or platforms
or wherever they are, and
it's OK to be vulnerable.
It's OK to be sensitive.
It's OK to lead from that
perspective as a male as well.
>>OSLIE: Yes, and I see it
as a balance between the male
and female within each one of
us, the yin and yang within.
So when we start balancing
our own yin and yang within,
then that's what shows up.
So it's not just men or women.
It's the inner.
>>LISA: Isn't it interesting now
that gender neutrality has come
into play and all of that--
>>OSLIE: That's all indigo.
>>LISA: --fluidity?
Yes.
>>OSLIE: That's Indigo Age.
We're moving into
the Indigo Age.
>>LISA: What's that?
>>OSLIE: Indigos
are very spiritual,
but they tend to be
very androgynous.
Michael Jackson was
an indigo with violet.
And they're here to teach--
to live, not to teach
us-- to live soul to soul.
It's not about if
somebody's gay,
straight, male,
female, black, white.
It's not any of that.
They're showing us how
to live soul to soul.
>>LISA: Yes, human to human.
And what it does,
in my perspective,
is it illuminates
and almost turns it
into a fury of
those that are still
in that divisiveness,
that racist perspective.
They're getting
more and more angry.
>>OSLIE: Anger stems from fear.
Anger always stems from fear.
>>LISA: Around the neutrality.
The more the neutrality
becomes expanded,
the more the divisiveness
gets like a monster,
in my perspective.
>>OSLIE: The fear comes up.
People are afraid of change.
They're afraid of survival.
They're afraid of loss.
It's all fear.
And so that's why I don't
have fear around any of this.
I have places where I
used still have judgment.
And whenever I see a
judgment, I look inside.
I go, where am I holding those
same qualities, maybe not
to that extreme, but it's
still an aspect of me.
When I shift inside, then
the outer things shift.
Wasn't it Wayne
Dyer that said, when
you change the things you look
at, the things you look at
change?
Yes.
So we are connected.
That's spiritual teachings,
that we're all connected.
And that's literal.
It's quantum physics.
>>LISA: So we're getting to that
third level of manifestation.
We are, as a culture--
we want to go there.
And we're having that
push, pull, that fight,
that inner fight, that
tantrum as a society
before we get there.
Many people I've
heard say that we're
in an adolescent
phase of society
and that we are
having those fits
and tantrums as a
culture as we go
through these different changes.
>>OSLIE: And I think we're
tired of the old way, Lisa.
Honestly, I don't
know about you,
but I'm tired of
working that hard.
I don't think it's
supposed to be that way.
I'm seeing some of
the young kids going,
I don't want to
work at a job that I
don't like like my parents did.
I don't want to be chained to
a desk doing something just
for money.
I don't want that.
I want more fun, more freedom.
And to me, that shows that
we're moving from level one,
only out of choice if we want to
do level one, to two and three
because it's easier.
So for me, I'm tired
of working that hard,
and it doesn't feel right.
>>LISA: Let's talk about that.
So there's that density of--
not density.
It's almost a reality.
You have to work to make money.
>>OSLIE: Really.
You know what?
Do you understand
that's a belief?
And we've always--
the work ethic.
And the harder you
work, the more you make.
And I go, really?
Do you know the hardest
working people on this planet
are probably coal miners
and ditch diggers,
and they make the
least amount of money?
We actually pay the
most amount of money
to people who play for a living.
>>LISA: Google.
Amazon.
>>OSLIE: They play sports.
They play roles in movies.
They play music.
So on some level,
on some deep level,
we acknowledge that
play is important.
>>LISA: We do.
We do.
Yes, that's true.
So now that punches holes in
that belief system right there.
>>OSLIE: And I mean, I've shared
with you many stories of how,
instead of working real hard--
I had the desire to go to Maui.
I'm like, oh, God, how am
I going to pull that off?
It's going to cost
money, blah, blah, blah.
It's like, oh, I
went, no, I'm not
going to do it the old
way, because then I
have to work hard.
I have to navigate it.
I have to figure out
how to pay for it.
I'm not going to do it that way.
I'm going to shift to level two.
And a brand new client
called me up right
after I did a session
for him and said,
I really liked that reading.
I have a condo in Maui.
You want to go stay there?
Yes, please.
And that's happening
more and more and more.
>>LISA: Because
you believe it can.
>>OSLIE: Yes, because,
more than just believe,
I have a sense that's the truth.
It's more the
truth about reality
that our thoughts
and our beliefs
and our emotional energy create.
And so if we believe
we have to work hard
or that we're going to get
sick or that we're going to age
or that we're going to die,
that's what we're going to do.
And there are people that
don't do it that way.
Haven't you seen people
that seem blessed?
Things just come easy to them?
>>LISA: Yeah, it's interesting.
I've mean, I was watching a
lot of our aging population
aging in a very unhealthy way.
And I understand there's so
much more toxicity in our world
than we've ever had.
And I look at that,
and I think to myself,
I am going to age gracefully.
I am going to age healthy.
I am going to exercise
until my last days.
I want that perspective,
and I want to shift.
Despite everything
around me, I really
want that to be the case.
But you're saying I have to
have more than the desire.
>>OSLIE: You don't have to.
You get to.
So what I'm going
to say is you have
a belief that people around
you are aging unhealthily.
>>LISA: I look at it.
>>OSLIE: I have the
opposite belief.
And I see people
around me going, wow,
they look way younger than my
grandparents did at their age.
They look way younger,
and they're healthier,
and they're more aware of
their health than my parents
and my grandparents ever were.
So I see a shift in people
getting more health conscious
and living longer.
We are living longer.
>>LISA: True, for sure.
>>OSLIE: So when
you have a belief,
you are going to gather
evidence to support that belief.
When you have a belief,
you will gather evidence
to support that belief.
So one of the ways
to shift a belief--
and I wrote this in my book
"Make Your Dreams Come True"--
when you have a belief
that's limiting you,
find a different belief, even
though it looks opposite.
It's like, well, no,
but this is the one.
This is the real
one because you've
gathered so much evidence.
You've made it very real.
If you start looking
for a different belief,
start gathering evidence to
support that belief is true,
and watch how your life changes.
Watch how your
perspective changes.
Watch how everything changes.
We've seen people like
Anita Moorjani shifting--
she died of cancer and came
back with no cancer in her body.
>>LISA: In a matter of weeks.
>>OSLIE: That shows us that
what we believe about the body
and health and aging and what
we have to do to stay healthy--
there's something else
going on, and there
are living examples to show
us that something else is
going on.
>>LISA: Well, we might
see that for other people.
How do we do it ourselves?
Is it just a matter of
switching your belief?
Is there a practice?
>>OSLIE: Well, number
one, it's awareness.
Number one, it's awareness,
because what I do now
is I go, oh, blah, blah, blah.
And I go, wait, is
that reality or is
that just my belief about it?
Because, again, if
I have a belief,
I'm going to see it that way.
So I'll stop myself and
go, is that a reality
or is that my perception?
Am I creating a story around it?
And then I stop.
I go, I don't like that story.
I'm not going to do that.
No, but Pam, it's
very convincing.
That's reality.
And people will tell you that.
No, Pam, that's reality.
And I go, it's just a
story about reality.
How about if we start
telling a different story?
But you understand how
people are attached to it?
So I stop.
I question it.
I detach from the story.
I get calm.
What I do is I go
into the field.
I go into that quantum field.
I connect with it.
I release all the old stuff.
Like when whales go
really deep, they're
releasing barnacles off of them.
Did you know that?
They dive really deep, and the
barnacles can't stay on them.
That's one of the ways
they get rid of barnacles.
So anyway, I go really deep.
I connect.
I go, it's just a story.
What story do I want
to have instead?
And I start imagining
a different truth,
a different story, a different
movie, a different scenario.
And more often than
not, Lisa, it happens.
>>LISA: Even if it involves
other people, like a boss?
>>OSLIE: Oh, yeah,
parallel universes.
>>LISA: OK, so
say there's a boss
or there's a job that is going
away or layoffs are happening,
and you think you're
going to get fired.
How do you go into this--
what did you call it?
>>OSLIE: Parallel universes?
OK, now I'm really going
to challenge people,
but this is scientific.
Stephen Hawking was even talking
about parallel universes.
They have scientific evidence
that parallel universes exist.
>>LISA: Really?
>>OSLIE: Yeah, so what I'm going
to do is give you an example,
and people understand this.
Right now, in the room
you're sitting in,
there's at least 10 radio
stations broadcasting around,
and those radio waves
are around us right here.
We don't know they're
going on because we're not
tuned into them.
If you turned on
a radio right now
and, say, adjusted
it to 99.9, you're
going to hear the
show that's going
on there-- the music, the talk.
That becomes your reality.
>>LISA: That's your frequency
>>OSLIE: It's a frequency.
Now, if you adjust it and
turn it to, say, 107, now
all of a sudden,
that's your reality.
You're hearing the music and the
talk that's on that frequency.
Now, 99.9 is still
all around you.
It's right there.
But you're not tuned
into it right now.
You're not set to
that frequency.
So it's not part of your
reality, but it still exists.
So there are parallel universes.
And the cool thing is I
studied it in quantum physics.
I learned it, and I
went, OK, if that's true,
I'm going to experiment with it.
And I have done dramatic proof
that those are real, dramatic.
And we don't have time to
go into all the stories,
but I think I wrote about
some of them in my book.
>>LISA: You just tune
into the different levels
of creation, different
levels and frequencies.
>>OSLIE: What I do is I
know every time you have
a thought or an imagination,
believe it or not,
according to
spirituality and physics,
that image becomes
reality immediately.
It already exists.
That's even in
law of attraction.
As soon as you use
your imagination
to imagine something--
there's a you that got
married to somebody else
when you were in high school.
There's a you that never
got married at all.
For every time
you make a choice,
another you splits off and goes
off and has that whole reality.
I know that sounds like
science fiction, but it's real.
>>LISA: Yeah, because
how can I tap into that?
>>OSLIE: You can if
you believe it exists.
>>LISA: No, I can't tap into
my high school boyfriend
and be married to him right now.
I'm not.
>>OSLIE: Because you
don't believe it.
But I've done that.
I've shifted from one reality
where I wasn't with somebody
and they said, no way.
I don't want to be with you.
I'm not in love with you.
I'm not interested.
Went to the east
coast, went far away.
And I went, OK, that's
in reality one over here.
I'm in love with this person.
I really believe I
choose to be with him.
I used my imagination to go
into a different frequency
where we were together.
We have been together
now for 35 years.
>>LISA: Was that
his will or yours?
>>OSLIE: There's two him.
There's still a one that
exists on the east coast,
having a whole life
off on his own.
Do you understand?
There's "Sliding
Doors," "Frequency."
There's a lot of
movies about this.
"Back to the Future."
That's all about
parallel universes.
So in this reality,
I chose to align
with the one that loved me
and wanted to be with me
and wanted to hang out with me.
I chose that one.
He's in that one, but he's
also in this one over here
we chose not to.
I didn't have to change him.
I know it sounds
weird, but it works.
I've done it with
life and death.
I've done it with the weather.
I've done it with home.
I've proven this parallel
universe stuff all the time.
But the key is you
have to so believe
that this reality is real
and completely drop this one.
And we do it all the time.
We're changing
realities all the time.
channels all the time,
but we don't know it
because they're seamless.
There's no walls.
So we think we're
just in one, but we're
shifting all the time.
>>LISA: It's like time zones.
Right.
They shift, and you
can fly across them.
>>OSLIE: Yeah, radio stations.
You adjust it.
We can tell the
difference, but we
believe there's
different radio stations.
>>LISA: Now, how did you
do it with the weather?
>>OSLIE: I went to Hawaii once.
That's one of my
favorite places to go.
I was landing, and the
pilot said, by the way,
the weather forecast is
rain this entire week.
And I went, oh, no, no, no,
no, no, not on my vacation.
I'm not spending a
week here in the rain.
So that night I
did a visualization
where I went into
a reality where
it was beautiful sunshine, and
I believed that really exists,
just like this one exists.
The quantum field is
all possibilities.
In spirituality, they say, with
God, all things are possible.
In quantum physics,
it's all unmanifest.
It's our thoughts that
bring things into manifest.
But we're infinite beings.
We're infinite.
That doesn't mean we're just a
little soul trapped in a body.
So I believed that there was a
reality where it was sunshine.
So the next morning I woke
up, beautiful blue sky.
I went, yahoo!
It worked!
I went out onto the beach,
put my towel out there.
And I was on a
little private beach.
We were in a private condo
complex, private beach.
Within an hour, all these people
were coming through the bushes
onto my little beach.
I'm like, oh, OK.
I'll share it with these people.
This newlywed couple
came up to me and went,
we have driven around
this entire island.
It is pouring rain everywhere
except for this beach.
>>LISA: [LAUGHING].
>>OSLIE: True story.
>>LISA: I could imagine.
>>OSLIE: And you looked up,
and all you saw was blue sky.
And they went, we
don't understand it.
How can you only see blue sky?
We were just out there.
It's raining.
>>LISA: It's your reality, and
you're invited other people in.
That's good.
That's very sharing of you.
I want to take a look here
at this video where Pam is
talking about the little dot.
It's a great story.
Take a look.
[VIDEO PLAYBACK]
>>OSLIE: So imagine
you're a dot.
You're a one-dimensional being.
That means basically that you're
a dot, a little flat dot on one
line, and all you can
do is go back and forth
on that one line.
That's your world, right?
Now imagine you're a
two-dimensional being.
If you're a
two-dimensional being,
you're a flat dot on
a flat piece of paper.
Now, you can go side to
side, back and forth,
around in circles,
but you're a flat dot
on that one piece of paper,
and that's your world.
That's all you can do.
Now, imagine one day that a
little dot is really tired--
this is all of you, by the way--
really tired of just being a
two-dimensional little being
stuck to that piece
of paper and that's
all you can do-- back
and forth, side to side,
around in circles.
That's it.
So one little dot one day
gets really bored with that
and goes, there's gotta
be something else,
and musters all her strength
together and just believes
this is possible and
leaps up into the air
and comes back
down and goes, oh,
my gosh and then does it
again and then does it
again and goes, oh, my gosh.
There's something more.
There's a third dimension.
We're not just stuck to this
two-dimensional little flat
piece of paper.
There's something more here.
And that little dot
gets really excited
and goes all the other little
dots and goes, hey, you guys,
we're not stuck to
the piece of paper.
You can go into a
third dimension.
And they'll go, get out of here.
You're crazy, crazy,
because all they've known
is that flat piece of paper.
That's their entire world.
That's all they've known, so
they shun that little dot.
Little dot comes back
again-- no, you guys, really.
You really can do this.
I've jumped up there.
I know there's
another dimension.
You can do this.
And they get so frustrated
with this little dot
that they send her off to
the far side of the paper
and go, get out of here.
Leave us alone.
You're bugging us.
You're insane.
And if you're not careful,
we'll lock you up.
And so the little dot just keeps
jumping up and down on her own
and goes, OK, I'll be in the
three dimension by myself.
And pretty soon, some
other little dots
start believing her.
And then they also jump
up and go, oh, my gosh.
It's possible.
You really can do this.
So then they start jumping up.
And of course, it upsets
all the rest of the two
little dimensional
things-- like, oh my gosh,
we've got a bunch of kooky,
hippy, California weirdo,
whatever it is.
But the point is is
then more and more
of these little
dots start seeing
there's a third dimension.
Now, here's the point.
We think that we're
three dimensional beings,
so we're living in this little
three dimensional thing.
After a while, this
little dot jumps up
and pauses and looks down
and goes, oh, my gosh.
I'm not just jumping
into a third dimension.
I am three dimensional.
I have height and weight
and inside and outside.
There is more to me.
So what we're going
to be doing today
is noticing that you are not
just three dimensional beings.
You are
multi-dimensional beings,
and you're going to have
experiences of going
into these other dimensions.
[END PLAYBACK]
>>LISA: You obviously have been
able to use this in your life.
And you've been on CNN
and Whoopi Goldberg's
show and Ricki
Lake and "The Talk"
and so many different shows
talking about aura colors.
[LAUGHING]
CNN, really?
It's amazing-- on the news.
And you've been able to
create and manifest your work
in the world and across all
sorts of different platforms.
Was that an intention
you specifically sent?
>>OSLIE: Absolutely.
Absolutely.
I've got yellow in my
aura, too, and we yellows
don't like being told what
to do, just so you know.
We're pleasers.
We want everyone to
be happy and like us,
but we don't like
being told what to do.
So as soon as someone told
me I couldn't do something,
I'm like, oh, watch
this, including myself.
I would question it.
So yes, I manifested all
those things intentionally,
specifically.
>>LISA: You did?
>>OSLIE: Yeah, I did.
>>LISA: Give us an
example of how it worked.
>>LISA: The CNN spot.
How did that happen?
>>OSLIE: I don't remember
how the CNN one happened.
That was so long ago.
But "The View"--
I mean, I adore Whoopi
Goldberg, another violet yellow.
And I went, I'd like to be on
"The View" or George Noory.
And people are like,
oh, no you can't
get on George Norry,
"Coast to Coast."
That's impossible.
Blah, blah, blah.
And I envisioned myself there,
let it be really simple.
I didn't struggle against it.
I didn't go, oh,
you're dreaming.
Everyone says it's hard.
I didn't do that.
I just set the intention, did
the vision, and let it happen.
>>LISA: Did you do
anything physically,
like pitch him your book or have
your publicist talk to them?
>>OSLIE: I didn't.
I had a publicist.
I hired a publicist.
But the publicist even went,
don't hold your breath.
>>LISA: [LAUGHING].
So this is a perfect
example of other influences
and interferences.
>>OSLIE: But I don't
listen to that.
When I do that, I
go, OK, that's just
a reflection of me doubting it.
I get it.
I can overcome that.
But Lisa, look at our past.
People used to believe
the world was flat.
And can you imagine the first
person that came back and went,
we just sailed around?
It's round.
People are going to go, no way.
I can see it right there.
There's no way.
And how could somebody be
on the other side the world
and not fall off?
It's not real.
It sounds just as crazy.
Or flight-- it's
like, oh, my gosh.
I still look at those
giant jumbo jets up there
and go, how are they getting
those things up in the air?
>>LISA: Every time I'm on one
of them, I think, my goodness.
We're defying gravity here.
>>OSLIE: Well,
because we understood
the principle of aerodynamics.
But before that, it
looked impossible.
So I've studied quantum physics.
And I go, oh, my gosh.
It says all of these
things are possible.
So I'm going to go for it.
>>LISA: That's the
way you create.
So other dimensions--
is that the same thing
as parallel realities?
>>OSLIE: Yeah,
parallel universes--
it's just a different frequency.
And people can go read my book.
They can research it.
They can go Google it,
parallel universes.
It's also with people
who've crossed over.
They're still alive.
I talk to their
souls all the time.
We're infinite beings.
They might not appear to
have a physical body anymore,
but I've got enough evidence
that I can communicate
with people on the other side.
I have hospice sending
me people because I've
been so successful at being able
to communicate with lost loved
ones, and I've been doing
it for 34 years now.
>>LISA: So like anything,
it's a practice.
And you have involved yourself
in this practice for so long,
you've become a master at it.
How do you teach us to do this?
It's belief, you said
once, and it's awareness.
What else?
>>OSLIE: Number one that's
important is the willingness
to do it.
A lot of people--
"help me see auras."
A lot of people are afraid
to go to this level.
They're afraid bad
things will happen,
or they're afraid
they can't do it,
they shouldn't do it
because of their upbringing.
So the first stage in opening
up your consciousness to all
of this-- because once you start
opening this up, it's amazing.
I mean, I've helped
doing search and rescue.
I've been able to find people
whose plane went down in Panama
and knew exactly
who still survived
because I was communicating
with her remotely.
So once you open up to this
expansion, it's amazing,
but it's more loving.
It's more fun.
So the first stage is
a willingness to do it.
The second stage is
believing it's possible
and then basically
allowing yourself
to be quiet enough
that you shift off
the doubtful chattering mind.
We've got so much
chatter going on now just
with the internet and the
media and the phones and the--
chatter, chatter, chatter.
It's busy.
So I intentionally get quiet.
So if you learn how to
get quiet, you can hear.
And then practice.
>>LISA: Practice getting quiet.
OK, so it's awareness.
It's getting quiet.
It's belief that you can do it.
>>OSLIE: It's a
willingness to do it.
>>LISA: Willingness,
and it's trust.
>>OSLIE: It's practicing
and trusting, especially
if you do get something.
Don't discount it.
It's like, wow, I picked that
up, even if it starts small.
We didn't start walking the
very first time we tried.
Everything we've learned
we've done with practice.
>>LISA: And don't
let it scare you
because you could be tapping
into other realities.
I mean, there has to
be other dimensions.
I always say that,
as intelligent
as this universe
is, why would it
stop at three or four or five?
It would not stop there.
>>OSLIE: It's infinite.
We're infinite beings.
>>LISA: The thing
that gets in the way I
see the most is hopelessness,
is density, is despair.
I mean, when you look at
things like injustices,
it just doesn't make
sense sometimes.
>>OSLIE: Do you know why
those bother us so much?
>>LISA: Why?
>>OSLIE: Because
in our souls, we
know that's not the way it is.
>>LISA: It shouldn't be.
>>OSLIE: In our
souls, we know there's
something wrong with that
because our souls are
filled with light.
They're love.
They're conscious.
They're expansive.
And to see suffering,
we intuitively
go, no, that's wrong.
>>LISA: It is wrong.
>>OSLIE: It's wrong.
And so we can use it
to have the experience.
We can use it to wake up.
We can use it to shift things.
And we can do it
from level one of,
I'm going to get out
there and help people,
which then we have
the experience
of expressing ourselves
with compassion
and humanitarian kindness.
So we get that experience.
And people aren't going
to like me saying this,
but I trust people's souls
know what they're doing.
So if there are people
out there suffering
or in third world countries
and they're starving,
I think they volunteered to
do that, one, to see what
the experience was
like, but, two,
to give us an opportunity
to be compassionate.
It's like we're playing a movie.
We're playing movie
roles, and our souls
know that's all it is.
>>LISA: Yeah, that's a tough
one, a tough one to digest.
>>OSLIE: I know.
But it's OK.
I don't try to talk
people into this.
I share what I've
learned, what I
believe the greater
teachers were teaching us,
and it's expanding.
It's growing.
It's becoming more.
I mean, not to get religious,
but I study Christ a lot,
and he didn't say, worship me.
He said, follow me.
The things you see me
doing you can do also.
And he actually
says in the Bible--
again, not getting
religious, but I
study all the spiritual
teachings, too, most of them,
not all of them.
Haven't got to all of them.
He said in John
10:34, ye are gods.
He said, you're gods.
You're gods.
It's like, ah, that's
a lot, because we've
been taught, oh, that's bad.
Don't think that way.
No, no.
>>LISA: Oh, I remember I
interviewed Wayne Dyer,
and he said, I am God, and
I got so many phone calls
on that one.
And years later, people
are saying the same thing.
He was always ahead of his time.
But it's true.
When we realize that we have
that Christlike or godlike
quality in us, we would live as
a more compassionate humanity.
>>OSLIE: Yes, happier, more
loving, more compassionate,
definitely less fear-based.
The depression is because
we get stuck in the story,
and then we suffer with it.
>>LISA: Yeah, absolutely.
Well, here's a leap of faith.
Now, I want you to
checking out in this video,
and it is a workshop that
Pam does frequently where she
teaches people to bend spoons.
Take a look.
Now, when you're doing
this, by the way,
I want you to practice
this on your own.
Just play along.
Just go into that
place of belief.
You have nothing to
lose, everything to gain.
Just take a look.
[VIDEO PLAYBACK]
>>OSLIE: So everybody
just take a deep breath
and just hold your spoon.
Now feel energy, this
white light energy
coming in through
the top of your head
again and filling your
head and just moving down
through your head,
down through your body,
filling your entire body.
It's this wonderful, beautiful,
loving, powerful white light.
Fill your entire body with it,
and feel the energy now coming
through your arms, really
amazing white light that
is coming through your arms,
and now it's in your hands.
And some of you may feel warmth.
Some of you may feel
tingling or vibration.
Some of you may not
feel anything at all.
But just be relaxed and calm.
This is fine.
Everything's fine.
Just be relaxed.
It's OK.
Feel the energy in your
hands, whatever you feel--
nothing or warmth or
tingling or vibration
or the white light energy.
Just feel it in your hands,
and feel that energy now
go into your fork or spoon.
Just feel the entire energy
now in that fork or spoon.
And the energy is going back
and forth and back and forth.
And just breathe and be calm.
And this fork or spoon is just
filled with this energy now.
Feel your hands, and
feel your spoon or fork.
Just feel it.
Just be relaxed.
And the energy in your
hands-- just feel that now.
Feel that nice and
calm, nice and relaxed.
Everything's fine.
There's energy in your hands.
Feel them tingle or whatever.
Feel the utensil.
Feel the energy in there.
Now bend, bend, bend.
Bend it.
Bend.
Go.
Bend your fork.
Bend your spoon.
Bend it.
Did some of you guys bend it?
[INTERPOSING VOICES]
[END PLAYBACK]
>>LISA: I gotta say
that was amazing.
That is amazing.
This happens a lot to you?
>>OSLIE: Well, there's not a
lot of call for bent spoons.
But the reason I do it is to
show people that, first of all,
it's just energy.
It's energy.
We think it's solid.
And when people
start bending spoons,
it makes them start
questioning what they've
been taught about reality.
>>LISA: Everyone in the workshop
was like, look, look, look
what I did.
And it just-- and you just said,
do it now, do it now, do it
now.
And it just was amazing.
Now did you have to take a long
time to get up to that point?
>>OSLIE: Well, you know
what, I do this a lot
in different workshops.
So each group is different.
But it was so funny.
In that particular video, there
were two young kids in there,
very young.
Their parents had brought them.
And they wanted to
do the spoon bending.
Come on, let's get on with it.
So I moved it up.
And we just do a meditation.
You understand that you
feel that it's energy.
You feel that it's soft and
liquid, not a solid thing.
And once you do that, it's
really easy to bend it
when you think it's just a
piece of rubber or it's liquid.
>>LISA: And you just do.
That's amazing.
>>OSLIE: It's just, for
me, everything I do now,
anything I teach, has
to do with showing--
is teaching expanded
consciousness,
is getting us out of our
old limited thinking.
Because first of
all, it's boring.
Second of all, it's
causing a lot of suffering.
And I know that I'm on the
planet in this lifetime
to help shift that
consciousness.
And I'm not the only
one that's doing this.
>>LISA: Right.
Which is great.
We need a team.
We need a whole tribe.
So for example, if you
have a cold coming on,
do you shift into another
state of consciousness
and it goes away?
>>OSLIE: Yeah.
Yeah.
>>LISA: When you have
a job that got lost,
you shift into another
state of consciousness
and make up another possibility?
>>OSLIE: I do that.
Or I play with it.
Sometimes I go-- like if a
client was supposed to call
and they didn't call in, I
go, I could go, oh, my gosh,
I can't even--
And I go, no, you
know what, good,
that gives me some free time.
So sometimes I go with it.
I go, oh, I manifested
some free time.
Because I really didn't want
to talk to someone right now.
I wanted to go out and sit
in the sun for a little bit
or something.
So if I've created
something, I'll
go, no, am I going to use
that for the positive,
and go have fun with it and
trust I did it for a reason.
Or do I want to create
a different reality?
>>LISA: Now you've touched
on this just a little bit.
But what is your biggest
why, with everything
that you're doing?
What is Pam's biggest why?
>>OSLIE: My biggest why
that I used to have,
and I feel like I've answered
it, is what we're doing here.
Why we're on the planet and what
this life experience is about.
I'm comfortable with
my answer for that now.
My biggest why that
I struggle with still
is why don't I stay in levels
2, 3 and 4 all the time?
Because I find myself--
because it's very easy to
get sucked back into level 1.
And I go, uh, like,
I know better,
I know 2 and 3 are real.
And so I had so much training in
level 1 thinking that sometimes
I go, OK, you're
back in 1 because you
want to experience it,
or don't beat yourself up
because that'll
just keep you there.
>>LISA: It's what we're taught.
Yes.
>>OSLIE: But my
biggest struggle why
is why don't I stay in
levels 2 and 3 more often.
>>LISA: And so we barely
touched on 4 and 5,
by the way, which is
the miracle zone, which
is the miraculous, the
enlightened zone, which is also
obtainable.
We've all had experiences
of level 1, 2, and 3.
The thought and the work towards
it, then the ability for it
to show up at your door
and then the ability for it
to show up in your hand.
But 4 and 5 is that
leap, that quantum leap.
>>OSLIE: Yeah, 4 is it
shows up in your hand.
3 is when it shows
up in the freezer.
>>LISA: Oh, right.
>>OSLIE: It's already there but
you don't remember buying it.
4 is in the hand.
And I haven't gotten there yet.
And when I ask myself why, I
go, am I afraid to do that?
No, my biggest thing is, I don't
know if I'm powerful enough
to do that yet.
My level of beliefs
haven't attained
that level of frequency
yet, that power yet.
>>LISA: And then level
5 is you're one with it.
>>OSLIE: You're one with it.
And we've all been there.
>>LISA: Yes, we have.
>>OSLIE: We come from that.
So it's like we came
here for the experience.
>>LISA: Yes, we have.
>>OSLIE: We came here to be able
to experience compassion, love,
walking on the beach,
tasting ice cream,
being on the carousel.
>>LISA: Yes.
Well, I encourage you to
take this conversation
and expand it in your own
life, in your own world.
Find out where you play in
level 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, and start
to experiment, just
as Pam is doing.
Thank you so much for sharing
the levels of manifestation
with us.
I can't wait to try this myself.
>>OSLIE: I know.
And I tell people, argue
for your limitations
and they're yours.
I'm not going to try and tell
people, you have to do this.
I'm just telling
you it's possible.
So thanks for letting me
talk about this, Lisa.
It was great.
>>LISA: Absolutely.
This conversation just
leapt out in time.
So thank you so much.
I appreciate it.
And thank you for sharing this
conversation with me, as well.
If you'd like to check
out more interviews,
you can go to
Inspirations on Gaia.com.
I'm Lisa Garr, and
until next time,
I invite you to stay aware.
[MUSIC PLAYING]